[Music]
we thought we'd update you on the
ongoing Trump administration scandals
that we've been calling stupid Watergate
a scandal potentially on the scale of
Watergate but where everyone involved is
dumb and terrible and bad at everything
now last month marks the one-year
anniversary of the murder investigation
or as the president and his supporters
call it Robert Muller's illegitimate
runaway which on it is and it has been
from the beginning a witch-hunt this is
a witch-hunt this is a witch-hunt
basically a witch-hunt though witch-hunt
if you will it's a damn witch hunt yes
they've been derisive ly referring to
the Miller investigation as a witch hunt
which is a little ironic because you
just know if Giuliani Hannity and Trump
had been alive back when people burned
witches they'd have had front-row seats
toasting marshmallows while trying to
conceal their bonus now it's also a
strange claim considering that mullahs
team has in the past year charged 20
people and three companies and gathered
five guilty pleas so if this is a witch
hunt witches exist meaning we should
probably change all references on our
history books to 16th century witch
hunts to read that time we were right to
murder all those teenage girls in a lake
and the fact the investigation has been
moving fast is good news because set
aside for right now how you feel about
Trump or politics the question did a
hostile foreign government trying to
manipulate our election is something any
reasonable person should want answered
quickly and yet an increasing number of
Americans seem to want the investigation
to stop last July
support for investigation stood at 62%
but a recent poll found it's now down to
just 54 percent and that is troubling
because remember Trump was actually
considered shut in the investigation
down before and if that number keeps
dropping he may well feel empowered to
try and actually do it so tonight let's
talk about the Muller investigation not
about its contents because we don't know
what they are yet but about the effort
to actively undermine it not just from
Trump and his lawyers but from and more
importantly than you might think
Trump's TV friends specifically pumpkin
Dada captain Virgin bad judge whiter
megyn kelly the dunce bust the dunce
bust junior for presidents and of course
Michael Cohen client number three Sean
Hannity and
voted most by nana nice new
glasses magazine and if you think it
will hold on I don't watch Fox News I
tune all of that stuff out it's actually
important that you know what's been
happening on it for reasons that and I
cannot believe I'm saying this Rudy
Giuliani explained best because when he
was recently asked why he was going
around spouting unsubstantiated nonsense
he offered this explanation eventually
the decision here is going to be
impeached not impeach members of
Congress Democrat and Republican are
going to be informed a lot by their
constituents so our jury
is me as it should be is the American
people you know what he's right he's
related by blood to his first wife but
he is right because because it is the
long-standing view of the Justice
Department that you cannot indict a
sitting president so to the extent that
Trump can be held accountable it's gonna
be through impeachment where public
opinion is key basically when Giuliani
goes on TV he's arguing to the jury and
that is us and I know you're probably
thinking right now
jury duty time to act like a racist
idiot to get out of it well that is not
a disqualifier this time not by a
longshot
so with that in mind let's look at a few
techniques that they've been using to
influence public opinion and the first
involves attempting to redefine the
investigation on their terms because
whenever they discuss it it's inevitably
framed like this Muller is there to show
collusion between Russia and Trump and
there's none so far so why not end it
where is any evidence of collusion show
us nothing so far
not a whiff there is zero evidence of
Russia collusion so just so we're clear
everyone forwards conclusion collusion
no illusion delusion yes I just thought
we'd have some fun with words oh well we
didn't we didn't have fun with words
there all we did was witness the closest
anyone in the Trump administration has
ever come to making or hearing rap music
but it is important to remember Muller
wasn't tasked with finding proof of
collusion the word collusion doesn't
even appear in his appointment letter in
actuality he was tasked with looking
into links and coordination between the
Russian government and anyone associated
with the Trump campaign as well as any
matters that
rose or may arise directly from the
investigation that's a pretty broad
mandate so saying the investigation has
to shut down if there's no collusion is
like saying a game of Scrabble has to
end because you fit all the letters in
your mouth well congratulations but
those aren't really the rules that we
agreed to and that is far from the only
diversionary tactic here there's also
what about ISM now we talked about this
on the show before it's the practice of
shifting the debate to someone else's
wrongdoing the master of this is Sean
Hannity and he responds to any negative
news about Trump with epic rounds of the
what about game we have a two-tier
justice system what about fired FBI
director James Comey what about Bruce
and Nellie or what about anti Trump
lovebirds struck in Paige what about
lying Susan Rice what about Christopher
steal the foreign national that fusion
GPS hired and funneled the money Hillary
did through the law firm and a foreign
national about Russian lies to influence
the American people in an election what
about who lied to the FISA Court judges
that is a lot of names to throw up on a
screen and just say what about them it's
also a little easy as an argument I'll
prove it
hey Sean have you thought about these 15
people what about them what about
Archduke Ferdinand Shawn
what about cher we're not talking about
the FBI until you answer what about cher
Shawn now and it is point there is that
other people did bad things
so therefore Trump's bad things don't
count and look let me be clear on this
whether or not someone else did
something shitty has no bearing over
whether you did something shitty if that
were true every movie that got a bad
review could simply say what about from
Justin to Kelly and the critic would be
legally required to give them movie five
stars that what about ism is an
important part of the third tactic on
display here building a
counter-narrative essentially trying to
delegitimize the investigation by
framing it as part of a grand conspiracy
to bring down trump kennedy has a series
of carry from homeland ease off her meds
conspiracy boards with muller and
clinton as the head of two different
crime families and whatever the is
happening on this one
night after night Hannity paints a
picture where the investigation is
itself one gigantic scandal with the
Democrats the FBI the deep state and
establishment Republicans teaming up to
take down Trump and he's got a favorite
phrase to convey its scope this is
bigger than Watergate
that's like watergate's like stealing a
Snickers bar makes Watergate look look
like stealing a Snickers
this makes Watergate like stealing a
Snickers bar that's just an odd number
of mentions for Snickers considering it
doesn't sponsor Hannity show presumably
Snickers simply couldn't hang with big
hitters like his actual advertisers my
pillow recta care cream and of course
sock slider it's true take a look you
scream you scream you're so far away
just bending over to put on your socks
is brutally painful every day we'll not
anymore introducing sock slider the pain
breed no bend over way to comfortably
put on your socks every day waiting for
someone to invent a gadget that I can
preload with a sock condom and then
thought my way to comfort everyone
unsurprisingly Hannity's narratives tend
to fall apart pretty quickly take two of
the names on his family feud board Peter
struck and Lisa Paige they are FBI
agents who worked on the investigations
into both Hillary and Trump and the key
thing you learn about them if you follow
conservative media at all is that they
were making sex at each other did these
two cheating lovebirds who are still
married as other people at the time have
any opportunity to actually do their
jobs at the FBI there she is
FBI love bird Lisa Paige Peter struck
and is in office fellow FBI agent and
secret lover
Lisa Paige Peter struck who along with
his girl mod Lisa Paige another FBI
lawyer are getting off in their fight to
save the country of Donald Trump oh yeah
they were
they were doing the nasty doing the slam
bam in the ham stuffing the muffin
fishing for kippers they were poking
them in 44 and piecing them in 52 they
slid the wand into the Goblet of Fire
they were dining at the all you can bong
buffet at pjo parkington's they were
having an affair and in doing that in
having that affair they apparently
relied on FBI work phones to hide it
from one of their spouses which is
undeniably bad judgment plus texts like
these made it clear that they very much
preferred a Hillary presidency to a
Trump on which is a political opinion
they're entitle to as long as it doesn't
affect their work at all and the DOJ is
looking into that question right now but
Robert Mueller himself didn't wait he
removed struck from the investigation
immediately when he learned about the
text and Paige had already left so these
two people haven't been part of this
investigation for nearly a year now and
the Wall Street Journal read these 7,000
messages between them and found that
they show no evidence of a conspiracy
against Trump and just for a moment
spare a thought for the reporter who had
to read 7,000 sets between two horny FBI
agents that's not why they got into the
game but Hannity still brings up
striking page all the time as just two
of the many threads in this elaborate
counter narrative his latest obsession
is something called spy gate the
inaccurate claim that the FBI planted a
mole in the Trump campaign now here is
what the spy gate story is actually
based on as part of the effort to
investigate Russia's meddling in the
election FBI agents sent an informant to
talk to two Trump campaign advisers who
have suspicious contacts linked to
Russia that's it that is the whole thing
but here is how their theory is
Republican congressman trey Gowdy who
you may remember let a more than
two-year inquiry into Benghazi so he's
someone who is no stranger to digging
for dirt on Hillary even he says this is
nonsense you believe the FBI acted
properly in this matter based on what I
have seen I don't know what the FBI
could have done or should have done
other than run out a lead that someone
loosely connected with the campaign was
making assertions about Russia I would
think you would want the FBI to find out
whether or not
there was any validity to what those
people were saying right he's saying the
FBI did what they were supposed to do
and the headline FBI investigates
possible crime it's like the headline
Domino's delivers pizza or
harley-davidson sells midlifecrisis
'mobile to local dad yep no kidding
that's their whole reason for existence
and yet rather than accept that push
back some Trump supporters turned on
Gaudi instead I'm naming names here I'm
through with it I mean trey gowdy is
really schizophrenic he he is absolutely
in the service of the establishment and
and the deep state where they're
intentionally consciously or
purposefully he is exactly that and
that's the problem
anyone who questions the conspiracy
becomes part of the conspiracy itself
and for the record the only thing that
is completely schizophrenic about trey
Gowdy is his hairstyle over the years I
mean what exactly is happening here look
Trey Trey my friend when you are born
with bad hair just pick a look and stay
with it trust me man
I am an expert on this the point here is
this machine is now running so
aggressively that even evidence can't
slow it down
and if you want more proof of that just
watch Hannity actively admit it in real
time no evidence of Trump Russia
collusion Muller if you got it come on
the show and tell America and by the way
if the media if you have more proof that
this is not a witch hunt okay I don't
believe you Wow give me facts and even
if you do I won't believe them he's
basically bragging that he's proof proof
which is a superpower that no one should
want to have like the ability to throw a
baby a hundred yards with a perfect
spiral sure it's technically impressive
but maybe don't do it and all this can
make it easy to forget just how bad what
we actually do know already is just as
one example
we know that in 2016 Don junior
knowingly set up a meeting in Trump
Tower with a person described to him as
a Russian government attorney with the
promise that the person would provide
information that would incriminate
Hillary and her dealings with Russia as
part of Russia and it's government
supports for mr. Trump and we
oh this not because of the Malheur
investigation or because there was a spy
in the campaign or because these two
fuck-buddies teamed up to frame anyone
we know it because Don jr. tweeted out
the emails setting up the meeting ahead
of a newspaper publishing them so that
story's just a fact and one that looks
very bad for Trump but if you think
Hannity isn't up to the challenge of
deflecting that one as well
just watch him go to work remember the
now-infamous
2016 trump tower meeting between Donald
Trump jr. Russian lawyer a Russian
American lobbyist and a few others oh we
have new information recently unearthed
a transcript from a 2017 Senate hearing
that the Russian American lobbyists
admitted to personally knowing Hillary
Clinton so let me get this one straight
you seem to be employing Hillary Clinton
sent someone in to Trump Tower to offer
her opponent dirt on herself
you know what congratulations Sean
Hannity you have officially come up with
the shittiest conspiracy theory ever and
none of this even addresses the most
obvious question if absolutely everyone
from Hillary to the FBI to tri-county
was in on a deep state plan to sabotage
Trump how the is he president right
now basically everyone in the country
got together to steal an election and
then for some reason forgot to do it and
look we could pick apart conspiracies
all nights but there is really at the
end of the day no point because they'll
always be another rabbit hole a
metaphorical rabbit hole that is not to
be confused with the rabbit hole the gay
club where years ago a young Marlon
bundo finally allowed his curiosity to
overpower shyness
[Applause]
really special himself but creating
rabbit holes is kind of the point here
because I would argue the Hannity Trump
and all the rest aren't really
interested in getting to the bottom of
any of these questions they're just
trying to sow enough doubt that this
number dips far enough below 50% to
enable the whole investigation to be
shut down they are just working the jury
and if you've seen any focus groups on
TV you know that at least some jurors
are really listening they call the first
by created by the deeps team it was a
witch-hunt to overturning election all
of this stuff that they say that Trump
did they're finding out that the
Democrats did it's been going on for a
year and a half they've found nothing
where he told oh there's something
there's something we'll find a bull
fighter
there's nothing exactly in this piece
we've argued that the taxes that you've
seen tonight are transparent illogical
and dumb but the other thing they
definitely are is depressingly effective
and the thing is these tactics have
worked in the past quite famously in
fact think about it
a sociopathic misogynist millionaire
evolved from celebrity to undeserving
folk hero suddenly has evidence piling
up that he may have done something
terrible and he puts the whole system on
trial if that sounds familiar at all to
you it's because it's basically the
story of OJ all over again Trump is
going full o je and it's working now
what does it mean to go full o je well
at once sense it means to murder two
people but but it also means to sway a
jury by building a wild implausible
conspiracy that the system is corrupted
the reason haniss he throws out so many
theories may well be that he knows if he
can discredit any part of mullahs
investigation he convinced people the
whole thing is a total sham and that is
the same angle that OJ's lawyers took
just listen to one of them tried to
discredit all evidence because of doubts
that he'd raised over a blood-soaked
sock
if they manufactured evidence on the
sock how can you trust anything else and
the jury bought that although I will say
I also do have questions over how police
got their hands on those socks because
the sock slider hadn't even been
invented back
it's impossible and sure sure there are
differences between the two defenses the
OJ trial had if it doesn't fit you must
acquit we have collusion delusion
conclusion illusion which if anything is
even dumber and look I am NOT saying
that Trump is guilty we honestly don't
know but even if the mullet
investigation doesn't prove that Trump
personally colluded with the Russians
that doesn't mean the whole thing was a
witch-hunt or a waste of time the
process of finding out is really
important and it needs to be seen
through to its conclusion and my fear
right now is that we are headed in a
direction where even if Muller comes
back with irrefutable evidence trunk
could just pardon himself and put out a
book called if I did it and a very large
portion of the country would buy
it
you